contrib opt/elsa/contrib/securityonion
bin/securityonion-elsa-config.sh usr/bin
bin/securityonion_elsa_register.rb usr/bin
contrib/securityonion-patterndb.xml /etc/elsa/patterns.d/elsa
contrib/parsers/asa_conn etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/asa_deny etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/asa_vpn etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bind etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_conn etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_dhcp etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_dns etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_files etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_ftp etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_http etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_intel etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_irc etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_kerberos etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_mysql etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_notice etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_radius etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_rdp etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_snmp etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_software etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_ssh etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_ssl etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_syslog etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_tunnel etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_weird etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/bro_x509 etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/pfsense etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
contrib/parsers/windows etc/elsa/patterns.d/securityonion
